<?xml version="1.0" ?>
<!DOCTYPE refentry PUBLIC "-//KDE//DTD DocBook XML V4.2-Based Variant V1.1//EN" "dtd/kdex.dtd" [
<!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE">
]>

<refentry lang="&language;">
<refentryinfo>
<title>KDE User's Manual</title>
<author><personname><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname> <email>bab@debian.org</email></author>
<date>May 25, 2005</date>
<productname>K Desktop Environment</productname>
</refentryinfo>

<refmeta>
<refentrytitle><command>khangman</command></refentrytitle>
<manvolnum>6</manvolnum>
</refmeta>

<refnamediv>
<refname><command>khangman</command></refname>
<refpurpose>The classical hangman game for KDE</refpurpose>
</refnamediv>

<refsynopsisdiv>
<cmdsynopsis>
<command>khangman</command>
<arg choice="opt">KDE Generic Options</arg>
<arg choice="opt">Qt Generic Options</arg>
</cmdsynopsis>
</refsynopsisdiv>

<refsect1>
<title>Description</title>
<para>&khangman; is a game based on the well known hangman game.  It is
aimed for children 6 and above.  It has four levels of difficulty: Animals
(animals words), Easy, Medium and Hard.</para><para>A word is picked at
random and the letters are hidden. You must guess the word by trying one
letter after another.  Each time you guess a wrong letter, part of a picture
of a hangman is drawn.  You must guess the word before getting hanged!  You
have 10 tries.</para><para>This application is part of the &kde; Edutainment
module.</para>
</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>See Also</title>
<para>More detailed user documentation is available from <ulink
url="help:/khangman">help:/khangman</ulink>
(either enter this <acronym>URL</acronym> into &konqueror;, or run
<userinput><command>khelpcenter</command>
<parameter>help:/khangman</parameter></userinput>).</para>

<para>There is also further information available at the <ulink url="http://edu.kde.org/khangman/">&kde; Edutainment web site</ulink>.</para>
</refsect1>

<refsect1>
<title>Authors</title>
<para>&khangman; was written by <personname><firstname>Primoz</firstname><surname>Anzur</surname></personname> and &Anne-Marie.Mahfouf; &Anne-Marie.Mahfouf.mail;</para>
<para>This manual page based on the one prepared by <personname><firstname>Ben</firstname><surname>Burton</surname></personname> for the Debian project.</para>


</refsect1>

</refentry>
